docs(changelog): includeEvents is what's coming in spinnaker 1.30 (#277)
spinnaker/spinnaker.io: content/en/docs/releases/next-release-preview/index.md

- Replace deprecated Azure SDK `com.microsoft.azure:azure` with the new Azure SDK `com.azure.resourcemanager:azure-resourcemanager`
- Add a new `AzureManagedImageCachingAgent` which is caching managed images from the specified region and resource group
- Update `AzureVMImageLookupController` to return the newly cached managed images when `managedImages` query parameter is set to `true`

### Addition of includeEvents parameter
`includeEvents` has been added as a configurable parameter in orca that enables users to fetch [Kubernetes Events](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/) from clouddriver. This parameter defaults to `false`.

> ![includeEvents](includeEvents.png)

Reviewer: I'd still prefer we leave out the bit about setting up a pipeline parameter for this.  People build pipelines in lots of ways, and set fields in pipeline stages in lots of ways.  This doesn't feel like it really adds to the discussion of `includeEvents` specifically.

Author: @dbyron-sf Removed the configuration bit from the docs. Please lemme know if this is okay?

> This should be referenced in `pipeline.json` as `"includeEvents": "${parameters.includeEvents}"`. Once the parameter has been configured and the value is set to true then orca would retrieve the events back from clouddriver. This would however come with slight degradation in performance since the events would be retrieved with the manifest.

Reviewer: What pipeline stages support `includeEvents`?

Author: @dbyron-sf Updated!

- Replace deprecated Azure SDK `com.microsoft.azure:azure` with the new Azure SDK `com.azure.resourcemanager:azure-resourcemanager`
- Add a new `AzureManagedImageCachingAgent` which is caching managed images from the specified region and resource group
- Update `AzureVMImageLookupController` to return the newly cached managed images when `managedImages` query parameter is set to `true`

### Addition of includeEvents parameter

> `includeEvents` has been added as a configurable parameter in orca that enables users to fetch [Kubernetes Events](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/) from clouddriver. This parameter defaults to `false` and is supported by `DeployManifestStage`, `ScaleManifestStage`, `DisableManifestStage`, `EnableManifestStage`, `PatchManifestStage`, `ResumeRolloutManifestStage` and `UndoRolloutManifestStage` stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`includeEvents` has been [added as a configurable parameter in orca](https://github.com/spinnaker/orca/pull/4301) that enables users to fetch [Kubernetes Events](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/) from clouddriver. This parameter defaults to `false` and is supported by `DeployManifestStage`, `ScaleManifestStage`, `DisableManifestStage`, `EnableManifestStage`, `PatchManifestStage`, `ResumeRolloutManifestStage` and `UndoRolloutManifestStage` stages.
```

Author: Updated!

> Once the parameter has been configured and the value is set to true then orca would retrieve the events back from clouddriver. This would however come with slight degradation in performance since the events would be retrieved with Manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the parameter has been configured and the value is set to true then orca retrieves the events back from clouddriver. Be aware that the size of the pipeline execution context may (significantly) increase by including events.
```

Author: Updated!
